create shared exception list api (#2779)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/api/exceptions/api-create-shared-exception-list.asciidoc

[[exceptions-api-create-shared-exception-list]]
=== Create shared exception list

Creates a shared exception list.

An exception list groups <<exceptions-api-create-exception-item, exception items>>
and can be associated with rules. When an exception item's query evaluates to
`true`, rules do *not* issue alerts even when the rule's other criteria are met.

> A shared exception list can be utilized across multiple detection rules. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A shared exception list can apply to multiple detection rules. 
```

For more information, see <<rules-api-create>> and <<rules-api-update>>.

IMPORTANT: All exception items added to the same list are evaluated using
`OR` logic. That is, if any of the items in a list evaluate to `true`, the

> exception prevents the rule from generating an alert. Likewise, `OR` logic is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exception prevents the associated rule or rules from generating alert(s). Likewise, `OR` logic is
```

used for evaluating exceptions when more than one exception list is
assigned to a rule. To use the `AND` operator, you can define multiple clauses
(`entries`) in a single exception item.

==== Request URL

`POST <kibana host>:<port>/api/exceptions/shared`

For example, using cURL:

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------
curl -X POST "<KibanaURL>/api/exceptions/shared"
-u <username>:<password> -H 'kbn-xsrf: true' -H "Content-Type: application/json"
--data "@<link to file>" <1>
--------------------------------------------------

> <1> The relative link to the `.json` file containing the exception list.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> The relative link to the `.ndjson` file containing the exception list.
```

===== Example request

> Imports the exception list in the `exception_lists.ndjson` file and overwrites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imports the exception lists in the `exception_lists.ndjson` file and overwrites
```

> Imports the exception list in the `exception_lists.ndjson` file and overwrites
> existing list with the same `list_id` values:

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be "creates" not "imports"?
```suggestion
Creates the exception list in the `exception_lists.ndjson` file and overwrites
existing list with the same `list_id` values:
```

> existing list with the same `list_id` values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
existing lists with the same `list_id` values:
```

> [source,console]

Reviewer 3: Is this example suppose to be identical to the previous one in the Request URL section? If it is, ignore me!

Author: hmm yeah it might be redundant having the two. It's possible we could combine them..

Reviewer 3: keeping as is as per convo with Devin in slack

--------------------------------------------------
curl -X POST "<KibanaURL>/api/exceptions/shared"
-u <username>:<password> -H 'kbn-xsrf: true' -H "Content-Type: application/json"
--data "@<link to file>" <1>
--------------------------------------------------

> <1> The relative link to the `.json` file containing the exception list.

Author: ```suggestion
<1> The relative link to the `.ndjson` file containing the exception list.
```

==== Response code

`200`::
    Indicates a successful call.

==== Response payload

[source,json]
--------------------------------------------------
{
    "_version":"WzM2NDAsMV0=",
    "created_at":"2022-12-08T18:24:11.678Z",
    "created_by":"elastic",
    "description":"I want to share this list with other rules",
    "id":"832fb2f0-7725-11ed-aec7-81feddf7ae2b",
    "immutable":false,
    "list_id":"dc9e6f28-cedb-4dbb-985b-008956e49fd6",
    "name":"my shared exception list",
    "namespace_type":"single",
    "os_types":[],
    "tags":[],
    "tie_breaker_id":"8c041278-7a1c-4d8c-bb70-f84987fb2c63",
    "type":"detection",
    "updated_at":"2022-12-08T18:24:11.679Z",
    "updated_by":"elastic",
    "version":1
}
--------------------------------------------------

> ==== Sample json file

Author: ```suggestion
==== Sample ndjson file
```

> 

Reviewer 2: [source,json]
```suggestion
[source,json]
```
